hello to all that such a welcome one day
more to the channel this time I bring you
a mini hall of primark that I went makes a
week or so and nothing happened to teach
to things the first thing he taught me are
these shoes good they are a bit
dirty because they are already used voucher and I
They cost four euros and as you can see they are
very simple, they have nothing special
they are well they are comfortable and there were
several I also bought this cardigan
in this everything so toasty sleeves
they are like this the length is more or less by the
waist a little lower than the
waist is not these long
It has no pockets or anything is very very
simple
to see the buttons are like that
I already tell you that a very simple cardigan
I like it a lot
Now wear this kind of clothes a sleeve
short and one of my song because after
talk about taking it off I find it a lot
more comfortable than a jacket because good
this in the end does not take up anything for
carry it in the hand or tied to the waist
and I find it more comfortable than the jacket
it cost me nine euros and also in others
colors I also bought this shirt
white
that we like a lot and has already put
that's why I do not have the label
to zoom in so that it looks good as in
the top part that you wear
up here it has three buttons
followings
and then it's normal
the sleeves are not long until the wrist
to be a thing more or less around here and
good you can have the typical little button
here and it's worth to re handle it and fasten
the and
nothing is so very very cool very finite
and I really like the height because more or
less by the hip a little higher
of the hip I would say
there were also other colors indeed
There was a wide color
life also in celeste so clarito
that I liked more than white but not
there was my size so good white
they also had it black and I do not remember if
there was some better color you see
has no neck
I will not say the typical shirt collar or
this type of shirt the truth is that I
I really like this shirt
It cost eight euros I also bought this
foulard scarf or whatever you want to call
and that has some colors like this very
springtime but that called me the
Attention I liked a lot and it cost
four euros
It is so very
and fine that is transparent as you can see
but it's quite wide then
put it on then it is as well as very
pompous is worth and nothing is very cool is
quite long and I really like and me
he has also put because he does not have
the label and finally I bought other
two packs
of these little boats that the last time
I bought them and I wanted more then I saw that
they were in pink this time the other time
I bought them I was just blank so
I took one rose and one white both
they cost a euro and a half
if it is empty
because it teaches me that it's good
empty then it is that the boats already I am
I am using because he used to
good for my creams for my milk
cleanser the tonic that I make myself and
all that it brings
I'm going to open it, bring some labels
that there they are because I do not use it
and I'm going to show you the boats
nothing is very messed up they are very cute
they fit 100 milliliters and open yes
and friend who is also becoming
these brings three boats like this
and three trolleys like that
he taught me how it is although this one is already
is already in use with a lip balm that
I have done and good for you to see
the truth is very well and also
bring dawn a mini funnel what good
I the truth is that I liked it
It seems that it is too small and
it depends on what they are going to put in the
boat
because if it's too thick, this does not
it works if the liquid liquid of a
tonic or something like it yes but
I take our 12 up to here my mini hall
from primark I hope you liked it
have served us and see you next
chao video